Modify rule S5950: Fix typos + rewording (CPP-4142) (#1674)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5950/cfamily/rule.adoc

`make_unique` and `make_shared` are more concise than explicitly calling the constructor of `unique_ptr` and `shared_ptr` since they don't require specifying the type multiple times and eliminate the need to use `new`.

`make_unique` and `make_shared` should also be preferred for exception-safety and performance reasons.

*Exception-Safety*

While `make_unique` and `make_shared` are exception-safe, complex constructions of `unique_ptr` and `shared_ptr` might not be because {cpp} allows arbitrary order of evaluation of subexpressions (until {cpp}17).

Consider this example:

----
f(unique_ptr<Lhs>(new Lhs()), throwingFunction());
----

The following scenario can happen:

. Memory allocation for `Lhs`
. Construction of the `Lhs` object
. Call to `throwingFunction` (before the `unique_ptr` construction)
. `throwingFunction` throws an exception
. The constructed `Lhs` object is leaked since the `unique_ptr` isn't constructed yet

> Note: This scenario can only happen before {cpp}17. From {cpp}17, the standard states that each argument needs to be thoroughly evaluated before evaluating the other arguments. So the explicit construction of `unique_ptr` and `shared_ptr` become exception-safe.

Reviewer: I'm not sure, but this wording sounds slightly strange to me...
```suggestion
Note: This scenario can only happen before {cpp}17. Starting with {cpp}17, the standard states that each argument needs to be thoroughly evaluated before evaluating the other arguments. So the explicit construction of `unique_ptr` and `shared_ptr` become exception-safe.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure either about the word "thoroughly".
```suggestion
Note: This scenario can only happen before {cpp}17. From {cpp}17, the standard states that even though the order of evaluation of each argument is still unspecified, interleaving the evaluation of different arguments is no longer allowed. This makes the direct construction of `unique_ptr` and `shared_ptr` exception-safe.
```

Author: I don't know about the first comment, but I like your second suggestion.

Reviewer 2: I think "From" was ok. "Starting with" is better. Or perhaps, "Since".

Reviewer 2: I agree that Loïc's second comment is a good improvement. LGTM. Ship it!

*Performance*

Constructing `shared_ptr()` explicitly requires two heap allocations: one for the managed object and the other for the control block that stores data about the ref-counts and the `shared_ptr()` deleter. `make_shared()` still impacts performances, but it performs only one heap allocation. +

> `make_unique()`, on the other hand, doesn't impact performances.

Reviewer 3: Replace the two uses of "performances" with "performance"

Reviewer 3: "`make_shared()` still impacts performance" - relative to what?

Author: Mmm, I misunderstood the paragraph. I've rewritten it, I hope it's clearer

Consider this example:

----
f(unique_ptr<Lhs>(new Lhs()), throwingFunction());
----

The following scenario can happen:

. Memory allocation for `Lhs`
. Construction of the `Lhs` object
. Call to `throwingFunction` (before the `unique_ptr` construction)
. `throwingFunction` throws an exception
. The constructed `Lhs` object is leaked since the `unique_ptr` isn't constructed yet

Note: This scenario can only happen before {cpp}17. Since {cpp}17, the standard states that even though the order of evaluation of each argument is still unspecified, interleaving the evaluation of different arguments is no longer allowed. This makes the direct construction of `unique_ptr` and `shared_ptr` exception-safe.

*Performance*

Using `make_unique()` doesn't impact performance, but `make_shared()` improves it slightly. +
Indeed, constructing explicitly a `shared_ptr()` requires two heap allocations: one for the managed object and the other for the control block that stores data about the ref-counts and the `shared_ptr()` deleter. `make_shared()` on the other hand, performs only one heap allocation.

> Note: Because `make_shared` performs only one allocation for both the object and the control block, the memory occupied by the object will be deallocated when no `shared_ptr` or `weak_ptr` points to it. If the object is large, a `weak_ptr` is used, and memory is a concern, explicitly calling the constructor of `shared_ptr` may be preferred. This way, the object's memory will be deallocated when there are no more shared owners, never mind the weak ones.

Reviewer 3: I think "never mind the weak ones" sounds a little too informal for this setting. How about something like, "independently of any `weak_ptr`s" ?

Author: Sounds good to me

auto sharedP = std::make_shared<MyClass>(42);
std::unique_ptr<std::FILE, std::function<void(std::FILE*)>> file(
  fopen("example.txt", "r"),
  [](FILE* inFile) { fclose(inFile); }); // Compliant: custom deleter is specified
----

== Exceptions

This rule ignores code that uses features not supported by `make_shared` and `make_unique`:

* custom deleters
* calling placement-new, i.e., version of `new` with arguments, like `new(std::nothrow)`

In addition, `make_shared` does not support the following:

> 

Reviewer 2: That is the case I had in mind, yes. I think a mention in the rspec that this is a valid exception should be enough. I don't think it is that common, in practice.

> 

Author: Okay, I'll add something about that
